Multiple changes to Chapter 11 (#973)
browserengineering/book: book/visual-effects.md

def parse_color(color):
    if color == "white":
        return skia.ColorWHITE

>     elif color == "red":

Reviewer: Why?

Author: Ok, right. We _need_ to add `red` because we use that for the address bar cursor. I guess we don't need to remove `lightblue` but I'm not sure if we use it either (though—we do use it in an example, but that example _also_ uses `lightgreen`...)

Author: I'm leaning toward just implementing hex color parsing. That way exercises can use hex codes and we don't need any other keyword colors.

It should be really easy; colors in Skia are literally 32-bit integers so it should be something like:

```
if color.startswith("#") and len(color) == 7:
    r = int(color[1:3], 16)
    g = int(color[3:5], 16)
    b = int(color[5:7], 16)
    return skia.Color(r, g, b)
```

But I think that would be a separate PR, during or after the big reorg.

Reviewer: Ok. for now can you put lightblue back?

Author: Done. Can we merge this now?

</div>

Observe that the letters near the corner are cut off to maintain a
sharp rounded edge.[^hidden] That's clipping; without the `overflow:
clip` property these letters would instead be fully drawn, like we saw
earlier in this chapter.

> [^hidden]: The `overflow: hidden` propertyis somewhat similar, but in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^hidden]: The `overflow: hidden` property is somewhat similar, but in
```
